PRIVACY POLICY AGREEMENT

April 15, 2022

DKMagic (DKM) values its users' privacy. This Privacy Policy
("Policy") will help you understand how we collect and use personal
information from those who use our software and what we will and
will not do with the information we collect. Our Policy has been
designed to ensure those affiliated with DKMagic of our commitment
and realization of our obligation not only to meet, but to exceed,
most existing privacy standards.

DKM reserves the right to make changes to this Policy at any given time.
If at any time DKMagic decides to make use of any personally identifiable
information on file, in a manner vastly different from that which was
stated when this information was initially collected, the user or
users shall be promptly notified by some means.

This Policy applies to DKMagic, and it governs any and all data
collection and usage by us. Through the use of SpaceMech you are
consenting to the data collection procedures expressed in this Policy.

DKM does not collect any personally identifiable information. The
software SpaceMech does not have access to the user's files and it
does not have any online features. SpaceMech does not use any form
of data collection or logging and it does not connect to a network.

Please note that this Policy does not govern the collection and use
of information by companies that DKMagic does not control, nor by
individuals not employed or managed by us.

Underage Users

We do not knowingly collect, use or share any personal information
for those who are under 13 years of age without verifiable parental
consent or as permitted by law. If you are a parent or guardian and
you believe your child with under 13 years of age has provided us
with personal information without your consent, you can contact us
and request your child’s information to be deleted from our system.

Purpose for Use

The software SpaceMech is intended to be used for educational
purposes only.

Consent

By using our software, you consent to our Privacy Policy and agree to
its Terms and Conditions.

Contact Us

Email: dankoz@gmx.us

